h1. Tuolumne


h2. Usage

This application pulls in data from Angel list and allows you to filter it how ever you like.

Setup:

* Clone repo down
* edit the seed file (if you want to change the default account, other wise use: riley@gmail.com => 438Polsv)
* rake db:drop
* rake db:setup
* login
* add companies
* parse each company
* update people

Now you can start filter investors / advisors as you please.  Either write custom functions in the app or use /admin

Enjoy!









h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.7

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Similar Projects

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. License

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.